docs: section for managing false positives for issues (#2500)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories/commits.md

    This happens when Codacy reports potential issues in files that weren't changed in your pull request. [Read more about this GitHub feature](https://developer.github.com/changes/2019-09-06-more-check-annotations-shown-in-files-changed-tab/).

### False positive issues

!!! info

>     This feature is available only on the Business tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The False Positive detection a business tier feature. If you are a Codacy Pro customer interested in upgrading to gain access to this feature, reach out to our customer success team.
```

>     This feature is available only on the Business tier or during a trial.

Reviewer 2: i'd remove mentions to trial so users dont expect this to be on by default during a trial
```suggestion
    This feature is available only on the Business tier. If you are a Codacy Pro customer, contact us to access a short trial.
```
